readme.md, before:


        ![](test)
        # test
        
        ## ![](https://img.shields.io/github/license/test/test/)
        
        ## Table Of Contents
        
        *[Description](#Description)
        
        *[installation](#Installation)
        
        *[requirements](#requirements)
        
        *[Usage Instructions](#Usage-Instructions)
        
        *[Running the tests](#Running-the-tests)
        
        *[Contributing](#Contributing)
        ## Description
        test
            
        ## Installation
            
        test
            
        ## Requirements
            
        test
        ## Usage Instructions
        
        test
            
        ## Running the tests
            
        test
            
        ## Contributing
            
        test
        
        ## Additional questions
        contact the creator at test or test on github.com
        
        ## licensing
        this project is covered under the BSD for more info view the  [license.txt](/license.txt)

Commit message:

removed table of contense field accross all files, added a readme.md file for the project.

readme.md, after:


        ![]()
        # playing with classes in javascript
        
        ## ![](https://img.shields.io/github/license/jdlevish/playing with classes in javascript/)
        
        ## Table Of Contents
        
        *[Description](#Description)
        
        *[installation](#Installation)
        
        *[requirements](#requirements)
        
        *[Usage Instructions](#Usage-Instructions)
        
        *[Running the tests](#Running-the-tests)
        
        *[Contributing](#Contributing)
        ## Description
        just a collection of small projects built using JavaScript classes
            
        ## Installation
            
        install nodeJs and run the file you would like in the terminal
            
        ## Requirements
            
        users must have node installed as well as typescript to contribute to project
        ## Usage Instructions
        
        this project was built for exploring class syntax in javaScript
            
        ## Running the tests
            
        run npm test  to run tests
            
        ## Contributing
            
        jdlevish
        
        ## Additional questions
        contact the creator at jdlevish@gmail.com or jdlevish on github.com
        
        ## licensing
        this project is covered under the MIT for more info view the  [license.txt](/license.txt)
